so the video came out that yourself
teaser to first generation TCS yeah josh
is just up because he had a career night
my dad engineers are not just lots of
interviews and boring stuff yeah it's
your future me you got that tomorrow oh
yeah I get to suit up become a rock
aerospace engineer aerospace anyways
what is this second teaser we saw we
were like that's it
oh that one that was hilariously short
yeah it's a mirage yeah this all erotic
a Maserati
it came out this morning this warm very
nice Wow fantastic one gorgeous ugly
yeah I like the comic book effects right
where's she going
what happened I think it has to be said
with an accent though this crazy oh I
bet that's to be a fatty Maserati okay
they are zebras what their magical
zebras I thought something's gonna
happen
[Music]
what are they who's that this looks like
a very funky hotel
[Music]
they're like concierge yeah it's like
they'll like the Bell man yeah yeah but
if this is how they greeted every single
like first of all fun you know
[Music]
it's a cute dress you know I just can't
do form-fitting dresses my I don't have
to build for me neither
[Music]
just because we're going to disagree
convincing place soon I get dancing
honey
Oh where we going oh that would work she
changed it to the point where I can
recognize those generations look
individual first people have salt in
their names except for the short one is
Taeyang he's being awesome even like
this really I thought that one just
there is the youngest the one uses her
purple dress sort of tell the change
dresses that like costumes like which
ones which one always there right now at
the short one she's the oldest okay
this one I feel like they're in a casino
hotel or something like that it does it
very Casino Hansen well interesting yeah
it's like so big old pink in
[Music]
doesn't look comfy at all
wait it's a magic carpet it's just every
well there's the somme arathi there it
is oh that's not such a great way to
possibly needs to be impressed
I think this BMW looking it on the front
I saw the symbol for a second I'm pretty
sure well either way it's a fantastic
that's important there you go oh the
club with you I love back that's a
pretty cool club I'd like to imagine
this is all in one building you know see
I could be like I feel like doing the
concierge place now I want to go to I
can't believe it's all in one building
you know the party's just one little
life I mean all the rooms seem fun so
fun I like the bubble
[Music]
I think this is the first song where
they've only said one English word
Holland if I miss something yes right
now
Wow Russia got the key back
these are mean zeros there very oh very
being sensual zebras SM Entertainment
Hobson what'd you think
where's Sonny this was the subdued
hitting oh your did that to yours he's
got that to yourself it's a normal
question that's my son yet of all other
you have five I remain open Elsa girls
choose from and yet you chose sunny I do
have FX and they have their unique
member like Amber you know and then
sunny you know she had the short hair
and one of her girls generation' songs
and she stood out really it was the only
one that blonde short hair I was like
that's you me see that's how I'm gonna
get away with this I mean I like the
video because it was just it was like
one of those songs that's just like hey
just I flunk out go
you know can I be honest I didn't like
that song
really I felt like it was boring and I
felt like it was way too repetitive and
I felt like a ten year old rabbit that's
the first time but I know you can show
you the first one they did I agree I
don't like the size me just a percentage
okay
you know I think the reason I like it is
because I see it I'm like oh signee
colors nice car
yeah that's how they get ya tell me yeah
it's really good some was kind of rushed
what the big question is was that a
Maserati or B
I saw I saw
that's all died I saw a white it's gone
that way I want a bagel horn yeah
squares within a certainly admit which
by the way right in fact I'm pretty sure
that was basically supposed to be based
on her pulling off propeller propeller
EMW the end of has a German make yeah
you know so they made flings back in the
day we did sort of rolls-royce yeah they
make any noise was
I'm sure you didn't
II made Mercedes right nobody folks I
can say this is like nerve boss I can
probably get back to us
right anyway the man okay so I know what
this one was about hollering back you
holla back honestly I don't even know
the song somebody choice feel your
guests thought we had it was some dude
stole a key I know I think it was I
think he was the ballet I think he was a
guest it was going oh yeah I think was a
concierge it was a hilarious like
obviously not a car key it was a
skeleton key looking yeah yeah yeah it
was a golden key and that means they
went to the before we go to the party
hotel was the only way you can get in
you know sometimes they have VIP passes
sometimes they have golden skull
FYI secret code word holler that's how
it closed by